# HTMLFinalProject
## Chicago Bears Web Site 
### First I would like to start of the document with saying that on all pages where it was required I have put the five required tags on them.  Next I would say my web application is consistent with design. I have all the pages on a navbar at the top and the design throughout the pages on the web app is consistent with borders, background color, and font color. I feel the user would have no problem going from page to page and navigating throughout the web app.  For my common elements on my pages they includes the menu, background color, and font color. These are all organized so where you would just need to find the correct css file name and change it. To implement a change it would be a simple as that. The web app has most of its content for anyone to see, but I did add a for members page that has content that can only be seen if you login in with the username and password. This satisfies the fourth requirement. I satisfied the fifth requirement by only allowing the username “test” and password “pass” to access the private content on the web app. This was done on line 36 and 37 on the login.php page.  For the sixth requirement, my web application utilizes PHP when dealing with the login and password, which the login.php is where the php is utilized, also throughout the rest of the success.php page, logout.php page, and the actual login page jpb8vfFinalProjectLI.php.  Next in the login.php page I have used POST in my code and not GET meaning I used the POST to hide the information from the URL. I used this throughout the page and would be easily seen when grading. I used GET with ajax in my player per postion page on lines 82,100,120 and 139. I satisfied the eighth requirement by making a second form that allows users to email me after logging in and this is secured privately with that login. I did this on lines 132-141 on the success.php page. In my player per position page I have let the user know that the page is loading when retrieving the information from the xml or json page depending on which button they input. I did this at the beginning of each function in the jpb8vfFinalProjectppg.html page. I also gave user feedback when the user enters the wrong username and/or password.  I did this on line 42 on the login.php page. On my roster page is where I satisfied the 10th requirement with having multiple pictures. In my fight song page is where I satisfied the 11th requirement with having a YouTube video.  In my player per position page I satisfy the javascript where the functions are in script tags. Also in the page I utilized jquery but making a statement “GO PACK GO click here if you disagree” disappear if you click on it. I did this on line 304 – 308 and satisfied the 13th requirement. I satisfied the 14th requirement in the index.html page where I made the picture on the home page draggable and used the jquery UI on line 23-27. In the player per position page I utilize Ajax by calling on the xml file to get the information it needed to display it in the div and satisfied the 15th requirement. I did this on lines 179, 197, 217 and 236. I feel I satisfied the 16th requirement because I would be proud to show this off as a model of my skills in html css and other languages that are involved in the project. I feel like the purpose of teaching others about the Chicago Bears was a fun way to complete this project and delivers functionality.
